Now enough with the theory let's make sure we all understand it's a bit better by simply getting our
first next ep.
And keep in mind this will in its core be a as EP just with a different build workflow and a lot of
help.
The easiest way to create a next app is to use a special tool which is like a seal IDE that gives you
new next applications.
You can simply google for create next app and you should find to get a repository to create next app.
If you're coming from a reactionless background you might know create re-act app as a tool to give you
react apps.
Now it is a tool to give you next apps and on this her page which you found.
Of find insulations attractions though there is an either way then the one showing here.
You can simply use NPM notes package manager to get started with that.
Now for that you will need no change as though no change is required for two reasons.
The node package manager which will use to install create next app and then also all dependencies in
that project.
But also because of notorious itself we also need that because next is a tool that starts a simple note
JS server so that it can do that prae rendering.
We were talking about and therefore we need no G-S obviously we need it.
We won't write our own Noach Yes code but daks requires it.
So on node j is not Orrick.
Download the latest version or if you were facing any issues with that the long term stability version
on the left and simply walk through the installer once you got that finished you can run NPM install
Dasch G create Dasch next Dasch app in the terminal or command prompt.
If you run Windows on your machine the folder in which you navigated there doesn't matter.
On Mac and Linux you might need to add a pseudo in front of that to get the right permissions and thereafter
you can simply hit enter and this will install this create next app tool on your machine.
Now be back once this is finished once the installation finished.
You should navigate in the terminal or command prompt by using DCD command into the folder where you
want to create your next project.
So I did this and then you simply execute create dash Nax dash app and then the name of the folder you
want to create.
In this case I'll simply name it my first next app but the name is of course totally up to you.
Once you hit enter you'll be asked a couple of questions.
The project name is the first you have to choose and you can simply hit enter to confirm the default
which is written in parentheses here.
The same is true for the project description and then you can choose a service side framework.
Now you don't have to choose one here.
It's just that you can easily integrate next into a I'd set up using Express Khoa at Dawna's.
So these are all notes.
J.S. frameworks.
Now as I mentioned earlier at the end of the course I will dive into that and show you how you integrated
with such a framework.
For now I just want to get a simple note server where the next runs and word only does one thing.
Give us pre rendered view applications and therefore I will choose non here.
Now you can also add a UI framework so that as a package which gives you UI components and then you
can of course look into any of these but I will simply use non here.
Now you can choose surrendering mode because you could even say I don't want that Cirus I pre rendering
stuff.
Just give me a normal single page up and then you would have the benefit of the year improved and easier
configurations still.
But I will go with a universal map here and you can choose to pre-install ex-U.S. which is H2B client.
But for now I will choose.
No here you can enable lending to get messages regarding your code quality but Elbel also disable this
year and then enter your name.
Once this is all done this will set up a new folder with a lot of files and configuration in there for
you and it will inform you once it's done it will also re-install all the dependencies it requires.
So let's wait for days to finish and then have a look at what we got.
So it finished here and now we see the commands we should execute.
We can simply navigate into the newly created folder with CD.
My first next app and then run NPM run def to start the development server.
Does this the notes server with next on it.
But in a special development mode with better debugging messages and so on.
Now you can then visit this page here.
This you are l in your browser once it's started and keep that process running.
You should not exit it because if you exit it you shut down your development server and if you didn't
was a local host 3000 This is what you should see or something related to that.
So basically some starting screening starts with now let's open the project in an ID to log which files
we got.